WiII, a deaI's a deaI.
You picked the movie,
I pick the restaurant.
PIease, man.
This ain't no restaurant.
I mean, there wasn't even
no goIden arches outside.
WiII, pIease.
You're this far from washing
windshieIds with newspaper.
Now, just sit down and try to go
a haIf-hour without saying "yo."
Yo, yo, yo. I'II have two of those.
Ladies, heIIo.
This is your Iucky day.
You know, anyone who sits in these chairs
gets served on the house.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Yo, CarIton, man,
they French girIs. We in!
Yo, they don't have no standards, man.
They Iike Jerry Lewis.
Look, now. Check it out. FoIIow my Iead.
I'm a rich and famous rap star.
You aIways get to be the rap star.
This time I'II be the rap star
and you be Gary CoIeman.
-Ahem. Bonjour, sIimmies.
-Bonjour.
Bonjour, je suis un
tres important rap star.
-Vraiment! Un rap star!
-C'est fantastique. I Iove rap.
I am Renee and this is Monique
and what do you caII yourseIf?
He's Tiny By Nature.
So, how wouId you Iadies Iike to spend
an evening in Tiny's BeI-Air mansion?
-Monique, he has a mansion.
-A big one.
A tennis court, swimming pooI,
exceIIent schooI system.
How about tomorrow night?
We're onIy going to be
in LA for four days.
Excuse us for just one sec.
Yo, when are UncIe PhiI and Aunt Viv
going out of town?
Tomorrow through Monday.
But what do we do
about HiIary and AshIey? Lie?
Oh, no, man. Come on, they're famiIy.
We bribe them.
Yeah, tomorrow night wiII be perfect.
Separate checks, pIease.
Tomorrow we go French.
But tonight we go Dutch.
Game pIan for tonight, WiII.
As soon as the parentaI units
are out of the house...
we pick the girIs up at the hoteI.
Then, we pIy them with Perrier
to get them in the mood.
Hey, CarIton, they're French girIs.
They're aIways in the mood.
Do you know
the French word for forepIay?
Because there isn't one.
Okay, sweetheart, I am counting on you
to take care of your sister...
whiIe your father and I
are at the jazz festivaI.
Okay. But Iast time
I squeaIed on HiIary...
I found Barbie face down
in the aquarium.
Boy, boy. You kids and your music.
When I was young,
Iyrics meant something.
I was scatting, WiII.
That's the most
expressive form of singing.
For exampIe....
Vivian, gonna be late
AII right. HiIary, honey,
here's the number...
where your father and I
are going to be staying at the hoteI.
-Okay, I am ready.
-Okay.
Wait! I forgot my purse.
Has anybody seen my oId brown bag?
Excuse me. You used to caII me Diva.
-Hi, sweetie.
-Hi, Vivian.
WeII, what a wonderfuI surprise!
I'II put these in the guest room.
So this is what a hernia feeIs Iike.
WeII, Bobby's visiting Lester's parents
for the weekend...
so I decided to take a IittIe trip.
Now, you know I'm aIways doing things
on the spur on the moment.
Buy a new hat, paint the house,
get a divorce.
Not again.
This time he's gone too far.
Hey, does UncIe Lester stiII do that
"puII my finger" thing in church?
I don't want to taIk about it.
Not in front of the young one.
That means it's about sex.
Either UncIe Lester is
seeing another woman or becoming one.
AshIey, don't be ridicuIous.
And no more Oprah.
Shoot! And it's transvestite week.
I'm afraid AshIey's right.
I think Lester's messing around.
Look, I just need a pIace
to stay for a whiIe.
Oh, yeah, Aunt HeIen, that's cooI.
You can have my room.
In PhiIIy.
WiII, don't be so insensitive.
You're staying at the Howard Johnson's,
and I won't take no for an answer.
Boys, knock it off.
PhiIip, we cannot go to San Francisco.
Now, don't be canceIing anything
because of me. I'II be fine.
You heard what she said.
She'II be fine. Let's go, Vivian.
I am not Ieaving at a time Iike this.
Come on, sweetie, I'II heIp you unpack.
Okay.
What about our date? This is so unfair.
You're teIIing me?
I stayed up aII night
Iearning the French for...
"Forget about my cousin,
y'aII can both have me."
-Sweetheart, I feeI so bad about this.
-Me, too.
You poor thing. You know what?
I'm gonna go out
and I'm gonna buy something reaIIy nice.
Oh, sweetie, that's aII right.
You don't have to buy me anything.
I know. I meant for me.
Honey, you know, aII married coupIes
go through rough times.
-But maybe if you just taIk to Lester--
-TaIk to him?
GirI, I wouIdn't give Lester air
if he was in a jug.
WeII, sweetheart, I don't mean to pry...
and you don't have to give me
aII the gory detaiIs, but--
Vivian, I toId you.
There is another woman in his Iife,
and I don't mean his ugIy mama.
-But Lester is crazy about you.
-Was. Now he's just crazy.
You know how some men
are animaIs in bed?
Yes.
WeII, I don't.
WeII, I know how that goes.
One day Iast month,
I met PhiIip at the door...
wearing nothing, honey,
but Saran Wrap and a smiIe.
WaIked right past me and said,
"Hi, honey, did you make that meatIoaf?"
WeII, at Ieast he spoke.
Vivian.
Vivian, Iast night I foIIowed Lester.
He drove over to this cute IittIe house
with this cute IittIe picket fence...
and this cute IittIe homewrecker
opened the door.
I wouId have been reaching
for my cute IittIe crowbar.
I couIdn't find it.
Anyway, she Iet him in...
and he stayed.
For how Iong?
Let's just say I got tired of waiting.
Look, mesdemoiselles,
un petit change of pIans for tonight.
Instead of you coming over here,
we're going to rendezvous at your hoteI.
AII right. But, pIease, baby.
Baby, Iisten.
Can I taIk for a second, baby?
It's just that, you know, somebody
kind of dropped by the mansion...
you know, unexpectedIy, you know.
So we....
-Who dropped by?
-Aunt HeIen.
What? No.
You thought he said Aunt HeIen?
No, no.
He said Van HaIen.
WeII, not to worry,
my IittIe chocoIate truffIes.
You can come by tomorrow night.
Prince and Hammer
are coming by to pIay Yahtzee.
Oh, sorry, gotta go.
Barry White's here.
It's 7:15. Right now,
Bobby McFerrin is performing.
I Iove Bobby McFerrin.
Not as much as we
Iove French.... Toast.
Dad, caII me optimistic...
but I'm sure you'II stiII make it
to the jazz festivaI.
Aunt HeIen's probabIy bIown this
whoIe thing out of proportion.
You're probabIy right.
Smith women tend to do that.
I remember one day I came home
from work after a reaIIy rough time.
I think we were having meatIoaf
for dinner.
Anyway, your Aunt Vivian
was reaIIy furious at me...
because I forgot
to mention her dress, or....
Oh, my God!
Vivian!
Tomorrow on GeraIdo,
French women who can't say "no. "
It's not fair, WiII.
Monique is everything
I've ever wanted in a woman.
BeautifuI, sexy, and
she measures everything in centimeters.
Hey, Iook, man, aII I know is if we don't
get this house cIeared out by tonight...
the onIy sweet things we gonna be near
is a coupIe KIondike bars.
Vivian, sweetheart, come here, pIease.
Hurry.
Come on.
There is no more Saran Wrap
and Baggies are out of the question.
No, sweetheart, it's not that.
HeIen, couId you come
in here pIease?
Now, Iisten.
I made some phone caIIs...
and I managed to scare up an extra ticket
to the jazz festivaI.
So we can aII go. Me, you and HeIen.
I Iove you, UncIe PhiI!
I'II get the bags and the car.
HeII, I'II carry you
there if I have to.
Excuse me, Mrs. Lewis,
but you have a visitor.
-Me? Who is it?
-Your husband, Mr. Lewis.
Sir, I hope you brought
your protective cup.
Sweetie pie, get your bags.
The taxi's waiting.
WouId someone pIease inform
Action Jackson over there...
that I'm not going anywhere with him?
But, HeIen, you're my wife.
If you refuse to Ieave with me
you know what I'm gonna have to do.
Drag her home by her extensions?
Nope.
I'm gonna stay right here with you
untiI you change your mind.
Good oId Aunt Jemima.
Now, that's a strong woman.
I never saw her with a man.
ActuaIIy, I hear that she
and the Quaker Oats dude...
got kind of a JungIe Fever thing going.
-Good morning, everybody.
-Good morning, Lester.
-I just Iost my appetite.
-HeIen, pIease.
AII right, I'II stay, but I'm not taIking
to him. Not after what he did.
Baby, I know things aren't going
perfect, but why did you Ieave me?
Was it because I Ieft my wet underwear
hanging on your wig stand?
Wrong, but an interesting concept.
Then what was it?
The time I took that picture of you
on the toiIet?
That's it. I am never
getting married.
Lester, perhaps you'd Iike to continue
this conversation in private.
How about if you continued it at home?
I'II get your bags.
You know what? In fact, forget your
bags, we'II maiI them to you.
Just go, you crazy kids in Iove.
I apoIogize.
This is no way for civiIized peopIe
to behave in someone eIse's home.
-No need to, HeIen.
-It won't happen again.
Good. Now, shaII we just enjoy
the rest of Geoffrey's meaI?
Amen to that.
HiIary, wouId you pIease ask the aduIterer
on your right to pass the biscuits?
What?
Dr. Connors, pIease.
It's her patient, Lester.
No, not Lester the schizophrenic,
Lester the impotent guy.
Yeah, I'II hoId.
HeIIo, Anita. It's me, Lester.
HeIen's driving me crazy.
I needed to taIk to you.
No, I didn't teII her about you.
And I think seeing you was a mistake.
I mean, I reaIIy Iike you,
and you're reaIIy good at what you do...
but there's part of me
that wouId prefer a man.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
It's not about you.
It's about me and HeIen and....
Look, maybe now isn't
such a good time to taIk.
I'II caII you tomorrow, okay?
Oh, man.
How you trying to pIay my aunt, man?
Oh, that's it. I'm feeIing froggy.
I'm about to Ieap.
Hey, but, hoId up.
WouId you reaIIy prefer a man?
-Wait a minute, WiII.
-Back up, man.
You think.... Wait.
Anita's my psychiatrist, WiII.
Oh, yeah, right.
And I just won a Grammy.
Come on.
Come on, man to man,
toe to toe, come on.
WiII, I understand your anger
and if you want to take out...
your passive-aggressive feeIings
towards your absent father on me...
then go ahead.
Man, you reaIIy must
be seeing a shrink.
Hey, what does it mean
when you dream...
that you're fIying through a tunneI
on a Scud missiIe?
Wait, hoId up.
Aunt HeIen saw you going
into Anita's house.
She thinks y'aII knocking boots.
-What?
-Yeah.
WiII, wouId you turn down the....
Get away from him, WiII.
You don't owe him anything.
I'm the one who signed his name
to aII your damn birthday cards.
WeII, Aunt HeIen, Iook,
UncIe Lester got something to teII you.
The woman that he's been seeing,
she's not no reguIar woman...
she's a doctor.
A doctor! Oh, that's good! A doctor!
WeII, this'II give you a reason
to see more of her, Lester.
HeIen! Stop it, HeIen!
Who is that?
I'm sorry, Aunt HeIen.
My shower's broken.
UncIe PhiI fixed it.
Looks Iike he fixed this door, too.
Yo! Somebody Iet me out!
What's up? What's happening?
What the heII is going on?
"Gee, WiII, where were you
when you were supposed to be...
"with two Iuscious French girIs?"
"I was trapped in a bathroom
with my naked aunt."
HeIen, now that I've got you
in a room without books...
there's something I've
got to teII you.
Ain't nobody gonna
teII me nothing!
Lester, don't make me
get ethnic on you!
Oh, damn.
Woman, wouId you for once
Iet me do the taIking?
-Now, Anita is a--
-I bet the hussy has a weave.
And she's younger than I am, too.
Isn't she?
Anita's my psychiatrist.
I've been seeing her since I was passed
over for that promotion at the pIant.
When I missed out on that job,
I Iost my confidence.
WeII, I knew you Iost something...
but I didn't know it
was your confidence.
WeII, why do you think
I started seeing a shrink?
-WiII, cover your ears.
-Yes, ma'am.
How couId you think
I was even seeing another woman?
WeII, you know what they say.
If the rooster ain't crowing
in the henhouse...
he must be cock-a-doodIing
in the barn.
HeIen, I wasn't cock-a-doodIing
anywhere.
When that job went south,
weII, my doodIe went with it.
You know I'm crazy about you, baby.
WeII, I wish
you wouId have said something.
But, knowing me,
I wouIdn't have Iistened anyway.
I'm sorry, baby.
I stiII shouId have
toId you about Anita.
I'm the one who's sorry.
It was worth it if it worked.
Did it?
Did it work?
There's onIy one way to find out.
Guys?
HeIp me! Somebody Iet me out of here!
They doing it.
I hope you two aren't upset
about missing the jazz festivaI.
Don't be ridicuIous.
What's important is that
you and Lester are back together again.
Right on.
Besides, I'm sure it'II
never happen again.
No. Because we Iove
each other too much.
No. Because we're moving
and we're not gonna teII you where.
Bye, baby. Take care, now.
Okay. Vivian, we gotta go.
Our reservation's for 7:00.
PhiIip, you know...
we so seIdom have the house
aII to ourseIves.
Instead of going out, why don't we
just spend a quiet evening at home?
-Together. Just the two of us.
-Sounds good to me.
Vivian, when's the Iast time
we skinny-dipped in the Jacuzzi?
I don't think it was the Fourth of JuIy,
but I do remember fireworks.
I'II get the champagne.
You get the nose pIugs.
AII right. They Ieft for dinner.
Now, remember.
We don't have that much time
untiI they get back.
-How wouId you Iike to see Tiny's Jacuzzi?
-Jacuzzi?
But, Monique,
we do not have the bathing suits.
No probIem, neither do we.
Right this way, Iadies.
Yeah, Iet me turn on the bubbIes.
Hey, what's up UncIe PhiI?
UncIe PhiI?
-WiII!
-Father!
-CarIton!
-Mother!
Lester, don't make me
have to get ethnic on....
Don't make me have
to get ethnic on you!
You get the champagne.
I'II get the champagne.
-Somebody get the damn champagne.
-I'm just so excited.
Aunt HeIen....
You're staying at the Howard Johnson.
l couldn't say anything after that.
He should really shut up now,
but he won't.
EngIish
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org